[DependencyInjection] Clarify the `#[Target]` attribute 2 (#19814)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container/autowiring.rst

Another possibility is to use the ``#[Target]`` attribute. By using this attribute
on the argument you want to autowire, you can define exactly which service to inject
by passing the name of the argument used in the named alias. Thanks to this, you're able
to have multiple services implementing the same interface and keep the argument name
decorrelated of any implementation name (like shown in the example above).

.. warning::

    The ``#[Target]`` attribute only accepts the name of the argument used in the named
    alias, it **does not** accept service ids or service aliases.

> You can get a list of named autowirable alias by running the ``debug:autowiring`` command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a list of named autowiring aliases by running the ``debug:autowiring`` command::
```

Author: Done

.. code-block:: terminal

    $ php bin/console debug:autowiring TransformerInterface

    Autowirable Types
    =================

     The following classes & interfaces can be used as type-hints when autowiring:
     (only showing classes/interfaces matching TransformerInterface)

     App\Util\TransformerInterface - alias:App\Util\Rot13Transformer

>      App\Util\TransformerInterface $shoutyTransformer - alias:App\Util\UppercaseTransformer

Reviewer: we should show an example with the `target:` being displayed

Author: Done

Another possibility is to use the ``#[Target]`` attribute. By using this attribute
on the argument you want to autowire, you can define exactly which service to inject
by passing the name of the argument used in the named alias. Thanks to this, you're able
to have multiple services implementing the same interface and keep the argument name

> decorrelated of any implementation name (like shown in the example above).

Reviewer: In addition, you'll get an exception in case you make any typo in the target name.

Author: Done
